[Music]
the energy
what's your Thanksgiving plan what's
what's the Dern family plan for
Thanksgiving well it might be going to
your house or is that right help me
figure this out right do not have a plan
oh no my house is a horror film
in what ways my daughter has 104 my son
has a hundred and two oh no I have two
dogs one tore her hamstring the other
dog is a pinched nerve dog and it's just
someone's waking up every two minutes no
one's sleeping it's a nightmare
oh no our plans are changing and I fear
you love to cook this sounds like the
beginning of a Hallmark holiday movie
the day the flu decimated the Dern's
yeah they should be hopefully better by
Thursday right maybe not but I just
think cooking is too much for me if you
guys are comfortable and your uncle
seems like we'd have an enjoyable
conversation oh yeah
my uncle is the best I only wish he was
my uncle when you were a kid
now you're most people know you're your
dad's Bruce Dern your mom's Diane Ladd a
legendary actors both famous people both
what was Thanksgiving like a like with
Jack Nicholson come over with a bottle
of cold duck and a like a string bean
casserole what went on at your house
something like that
yeah or not and it was always
entertaining and it continues to be
they've since divorced but now we are
this large and wonderful family you get
together right away yeah mm-hmm and they
really get along which is beautiful and
they're amazing partners they're both
remarried and last Thanksgiving as
example is like a true kind of Dern lad
combo Thanksgiving where we sit around
and my mom brings us to a gratitude
prayer and talks about what we're
grateful for and what we wish for in the
planet and amongst our family and then
it ends and my dad's like I don't know
what to share and Ellery my son says
well grandpa is like what have you been
doing share something about your
experience he goes and
thing you bring that up I just did this
Tarantino movie do you know the story of
the Manson murders and then tells the
entire mix the Manson murders story to
my children at Thanksgiving Wow
so that kind of sucks that sounds better
than hearing people's things they're
thankful for I'll tell you that Wow did
the kids like hearing oh it was very
entertained or maybe this is why they're
pretending to have the flu this year wow
that's something
oh by the way did you meet Andrew yang I
didn't meet him I heard your son is a
fan of Andrew Yang's yes I first of all
how gorgeous is it that there's a
generation of kids and teens watching
these debates they're so fired up yeah
my 14 year old daughter activist wants
to please God find a grown-up who will
create gun safety in this country hmm
[Applause]
and excited and my son's very excited
because he just turned 18 and he's like
you know mom it's a very interesting
Andrew Andrew yang is talking about I
mean a thousand dollars a month mom a
thousand there's a mother of like well
okay Ellery but you've got to listen to
his entire platform really educate
yourself he's like mom you understand
like I want to start a brand a thousand
dollars a month and he's right it does
mean he can start his right that is just
a clan to give every American a thousand
dollars mom he's very excited how old is
he he's 18 oh yeah I was 18 and I heard
$1,000 a month I'd be like all right I'm
gonna get ten buddies we're gonna get a
house we'll have $10,000 a month it's
perfect and we'll never leave it
I learned something I that I think is
very interesting about you that you were
at one time roommate with marianne
williamson who's also running for
probably I was I was how did that happen
I by good fortune found her she was you
know giving lectures in Los Angeles an
amazing writer and helping found project
angel food in LA and needed a roommate
at the time I just moved out and started
my acting career and we ended up
roommates poor her because she was an
adult who you know knew how to function
and have a home and I was a teenager
just figuring my way out so I was very
blessed yeah was she a good roommate she
was amazing were you a good roommate I
guess we no question yeah probably not
but she was amazing was she like does
she do like it was she doing magic and
stuff like that in the house at that
time he was a big supporter of me
learning to meditate which i think is an
amazing moment that we have all these
extraordinary voices all working
together to hopefully teach each other
and learn from the country what we need
and are looking for and and so I I love
that each of them have a different voice
and she gave me the very thing I think
she's trying to
did she ever yell at you like hey you
left dishes in the sink or anything like
that never I almost did burn down the
apartment because I was running to an
acting class because that was my
priority and left her left rice on oh
that's been great but she was even
loving during the magic all right
even that yeah I was shocking but true
really yeah wow that seems unsafe she
she has an amazing platform in terms of
Education in this country and I'm
thinking oh god maybe she learned it
because she was like I had to teach her
thank you clearly I have something to
teach because she was tricky you are
going to be a part of Jeff glue Bob
Boone was here last week and who's
talking about this Jurassic Park movie
you are but the original cast or at
least the people those who were not
eaten by dinosaurs
a few survivors are returning for this
what is a story that we do not know
about the shooting of that movie do you
have like a nugget that that we've not
heard before I mean it was time of our
life although we did survive hurricane
hurricane Iniki on the island of Kauai
which was crazy if no one knows that
story were there when it hit we were
there when it hit it was devastating and
amazing shocking to go through I
remember we were quadrant off we didn't
have time to go to higher ground so we
were put in like a conference area of
the hotel we were in and Steven
Spielberg our director and I were kind
of going through the kitchen area where
they had like those meat locker doors
and it was blown off its hinges as we
were going through this corridor and we
were thrown up against a wall and I'll
never forget seeing everything go
sideways palm trees pieces of cars roofs
of houses and it was insane and
amazingly that community came together
and our crew was amazing and this is
survivor Lee it was it was amazing and
then we were there I think within about
24 hours of the hurricane they put us in
groups and I was with Jeff and Steven
and I will never forget those moments of
sort of being given a box of food in a
bottle of water to sort of share and
quadrant off in the one area of the
hotel that was still standing and after
many hours I when they give us a
flashlight and after many hours Steven
to sort of entertain us made me realize
what a consummate filmmaker he is
because it was late at night and he took
the flashlight and he held it up to my
face in the darkness and to light me
kind of beautifully from this angle and
terrifyingly from this angle he went
love story horror film
so he won't make a very cool move oh
that's pretty good
laura dern is here her movies called
marriage story it should be easy and
then the judge makes your divorce
official me once who's that I should
have done this what do you mean where's
birth this means that everything we've
agreed upon is off the table
we've gone away right no it's a marauder
representing him this is a street fight
now and I'm gonna have to ask for things
that we wouldn't normally ask for this
system rewards bad behavior that's laura
dern a story which what a good movie
that is and you did an unbelievable job
and I have to say it was as someone who
went through a divorce it's called
marriage service mostly about a divorce
it is very realistic isn't it I'm amazed
by the movie I feel so lucky to be part
of it and Noah Baumbach who wrote and
directed it has just made a perfect
piece of art and he said I want to I
want to make a love story and I think I
want to make it through the lens of
divorce which I thought was an
incredible way because there there is
such a deep love story in it and you
learn a lot about how the business of
divorce takes over and can really shift
the trajectory of what could have been
two people trying to figure it out for a
child did you base your character on a
divorce lawyer you know or met a few we
met a few in LA and New York and it's a
very interesting business to watch in a
very male-dominated business to watch a
couple of specific women how they'll
work the system with their power and
maybe their femininity but it's um you
know Noah took a lot of license to
create this character but they taught me
a lot about the system and what is so
broken in it I don't know if you look at
this sort of thing but you're the
favorite to win the Oscar for this or
you know it's early
Las Vegas odds well I mean Vegas does
that mean you get to go to Vegas if or
now Vegas is open all the time it never
closes yeah anyone could go there at any
time if you're not discriminate at all
like only open 9:00 to 5:00 this would
be your third Oscar nomination and your
mom has three Oscar nominations how many
does your dad have two Oscar no so you
have a lot of Oscar nominations more
than in my family for sure that brings
me to this what year did this happen I
was seven you know seven years yeah my
mom was nominated for a Scorsese film
Alice doesn't live here anymore
uh-huh Wow I look so happy you were her
game did you appreciate or you just
didn't wanna buy I think there was so
much sound noise that that scared me
uh-huh and two things came out of it one
I'll never forget the feeling of seeing
my mom takin people's appreciation for
her work and realizing oh my mom gets to
do a job she loves and I hope one day I
get to grow up to do a job I love that
was the good thing bad news was I had to
go to the bathroom by myself because my
mom had a singer C and a an actress it
was a little bit older than me I stepped
on her dress by accident she got really
mad at me and I was scared and cried oh
was this someone who I know you don't
want to say who does she's super famous
she's super famous you ever run into her
and if you ever told her the story I
don't hold grudges and yet I was
incredibly really when I saw her like
thirty years later you think I could let
it go and she has no idea like yeah yeah
because if you mean to a child I mean
you're old child and you're rotten to
the core exactly one day yes next to me
come will you reveal my uncle would love
to hear the name well it's great to see
you the movies terrific is called
marriage story it's in selective
a week from Friday laura dern everyone
begging over rapper thanks for watching
if you like that video click the
subscribe button and if you didn't like
it will you hurt my feelings